
## Contributing

Thanks for contributing! 😁 Here are some rules that will make your change to
markdown-fences fruitful.

### Rules

* Raise a ticket to the feature or bug can be discussed
* Pull requests are welcome, but must be accompanied by a ticket approved by the repo owner
* You are expected to add a unit test or two to cover the proposed changes.
* Please run the tests and make sure tests are all passing before submitting your pull request
* Do as the Romans do and stick with existing whitespace and formatting conventions (i.e., tabs instead of spaces, etc)
  * we have provided the following: `.editorconfig` and `.eslintrc`
  * Don't tamper with or change `.editorconfig` and `.eslintrc`
* Please consider adding an example under examples/ that demonstrates any new functionality

## Testing

* All tests are expected to work
* Tests are based off of `dist/index.js` **NOT** your src code. Therefore, you should BUILD it first.
* Coverage should not go down.

## Deployment Steps

These are notes for deploying to NPM. I used `npmrc` to manage my NPM identities
(`npm i npmrc -g` to install ). Then I created a new profile called `public` with
(`npmrc -c public`) and then switch to it with `npmrc public`.

* create an [issue](https://github.com/psenger/markdown-fences/issues)
* create a branch based of `main` name it as recommended by github.
* check our branch out, do the work.
* Once done, your choirs
  * `npm run build`
  * `npm run test:cover`
  * `npm run test:lint`
  * `npx jsdoc2md ./src/index.js -d 3 | pbcopy`
    * Replace all the content in the `API` section of the `README.md` between `<!-- Start Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->`
      and `<!-- Stop Generated by documentation.js. -->` ( it is in your buffer )
    * Update the read me as needed.
  * `npx markdown-toc README.md | pbcopy`
    * Replace all the content in the `Table of Contents` section of the `README.md` between `<!-- Start Generated markdown-toc -->` and `<!-- End Generated markdown-toc -->` ( it is in your buffer )
  * `node ./scripts/build-license-section-readme.js`
    * this rebuilds the file `THIRD_PARTY_NOTICES.md` and puts in your buffer the information you need to update in the `README.md`
  * `npm run build:docs`
  * commit to your branch to GitHub
* Optional - create a pull request from branch to `dev` - if you need integration tests.
* Optional - create a pull request from `dev` to `main`
* check out `main`
* `npm version patch -m "message here" or minor`
* `npm publish --access public`
* Then switch to `dev` branch
* And then merge `main` into `dev` and push `dev` to origin
